c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/ApplicationInsights.config
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/csc.exe
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/vbc.exe
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/FullStack.dll.config
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/FullStack.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/FullStack.pdb
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Owin.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/WebGrease.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.dll
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.pdb
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.InitialModel.resources
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.creategigtable.resources
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.ocerrideconventionsforgigsandgenres.resources
c:/Users/peter.vitez/Documents/Visual Studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.populategenrestable.resources
C:/Users/peter.vitez/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.changeartistaccestype.resources
C:/Users/peter.vitez/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.addforainkeygiggenre.resources
C:/Users/peter.vitez/documents/visual studio 2015/Projects/FullStack/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.inttobyteingenre.resources
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/ApplicationInsights.config
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/csc.exe
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/vbc.exe
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/FullStack.dll.config
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/FullStack.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/FullStack.pdb
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Owin.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/WebGrease.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.InitialModel.resources
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.creategigtable.resources
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.ocerrideconventionsforgigsandgenres.resources
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.populategenrestable.resources
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.changeartistaccestype.resources
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.addforainkeygiggenre.resources
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.inttobyteingenre.resources
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.dll
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.pdb
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.InitialModel.resources
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.creategigtable.resources
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.ocerrideconventionsforgigsandgenres.resources
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.populategenrestable.resources
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.changeartistaccestype.resources
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.addforainkeygiggenre.resources
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.Migrations.inttobyteingenre.resources
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/obj/Debug/FullStack.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/ApplicationInsights.config
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/csc.exe
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/System.Collections.Immutable.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/vbc.exe
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/roslyn/VBCSCompiler.exe.config
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/FullStack.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Owin.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Helpers.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Mvc.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Optimization.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Razor.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/WebGrease.dll
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Helpers.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Mvc.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Optimization.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.Razor.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
/Users/vitez/PluralSight/GigHub/FullStack/bin/Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
